lessons in the course:
1)how to inculcate discipline 
2)learning dicipline and effecctive mind control
3)ultimate guide to inculcate discipline.
4)how to discipline urself.

how to inculcate discipline?
discipline means teaching, learning and growing.
discipline is the process of training urself so u can develop self control and become more focus on ur work
discipline is a way u behave and work in a controlled way.
because of discipline only i am not able to achieve what i want in my life and ihave best example of discipline in front of me 
and that is sush, "it never to late to start something new and worthy in life".

why discipline is really important in life? 
discipline is actually a set of rules that we should follow in order to achieve victory so let's take an example where u are
playing some game and u want to win it without following that particular rule u cant win it.just imagine if there are no rules 
to play a game there will br chaos all around.

why discipline in student life??
discipline is important in student's life so they can have a control over them and try hard to achieve their aims.

importance of discipline:
1)disciplined people are generally motivated and if u discipline, its very difficult to stay motivated.its really important 
to remind ourself what are we working for and why?

2)scheduling :
help u to complete ur work in time, complete ur studies in time. again by hearing this i have just one example that is sush.
meeting the deadline is really important because after that everything will start to pile up and u definately don't want that.

3)setting a good example:- again by hearning this thing only thought that comes in my mind is sush i am admiring her,she is 
the best example for me.
4) dicipline is a transferable thing:if u are a disciplined student, u will be a disciplined officer(disciplined person working 
in office and everywhere).

5) relieving stress: if u are disciplined person u will have time for everything, for ur work, for family, for friends and all.
again same person that comes in my mind is sush.

6)getting better grades:- ofcouse disciplined students get better grades as compared to anyone else, best example is again sush.
